hey guys this is TT shad I Lorella
welcomes Pokemon trivia for the 22nd of
July 2013 today we'll be covering the
pokewalker the pedometer type for
referral that comes with the boxed
copies of pokemon heartgold and
soulsilver that canned your real life
steps and gave you the opportunity to
catch pokemon gain experience for a
pokemon and fived items while getting
exercise as heartgold and soulsilver a
remix of gold silver and crystal this
device is pretty much a remake of the
pokemon pikachu 2 GS except now there is
the ability to raise any Pokemon not
just Pikachu some of the pokemon that
you can't usually find before defeating
the johto league as the NX canto can be
found on the pokewalker which is a good
reason start using it early to unlock
new areas which give you the ability to
buy new pokemon you have to award to
minimum amount of steps to gain a
minimum of that of watts which go from
the default areas at 0 wats refreshing
field and noisy forest all the way up to
quite cave at one hundred thousand watts
now to receive one 1 on the pokewalker
you have to have walked 20 steps while
it's on you 20 steps to 1 watt so one
hundred thousand times plenty will give
you the amount of steps that you need to
make to gain access to quiet cave so 2
million steps I needed to access that
sounds like a huge number so that's what
that in actual distance the average
stride of a person is 2.5 feet there are
5,280 feet in a mild so let's take 2.5
and multiply that by 2 million and our
answer is 5 million feet if we defied 5
million by how many feet there are in a
mile we get nine hundred and forty six
point nine six recurring which is pretty
much 947 miles or just over one thousand
five hundred and twenty four kilometers
well at least pokemon games can claim to
keep you fifth thanks for watching guys
remember to subscribe to myself the one
integral and pd-1 all I like this video
for more Pokemon trivia see you next
time